level_1/greeter_and_age_math/README.md, before:

# Greeter and Age Math Project

A simple Python program that greets the user and performs basic age-related calculations. This project is designed for beginners to practice input handling, string manipulation, and basic arithmetic operations in Python.

## Features
- Prompts the user for their name and age.
- Greets the user with a personalized message.
- Calculates the user's age in years, and months using DateTime module.
- Edge case handling for invalid inputs, non-numeric age entries, and future birth years.

## Requirements
- Python 3.x
- Basic understanding of Python syntax and functions

## How to Run
1. Clone the repository or download the script file.
2. Open a terminal or command prompt.
3. Navigate to the directory where the script is located.
4. Run the script using the command: `python greeter_and_age_math.py`
5. Follow the on-screen prompts to enter your name and age.

## Output Example
```output
Hello, Alice! You are 30 years old.
In 5 years, you will be 35 years old.
You are approximately 360 months old.
```

Commit message:

Lv1: robust date input loop; friendly errors; validated outputs

level_1/greeter_and_age_math/README.md, after:

# Greeter and Age Math Project

A simple Python program that greets the user and performs basic age-related calculations. This project is designed for beginners to practice input handling, string manipulation, and basic arithmetic operations in Python.

## Features
- Prompts the user for their name and age.
- Greets the user with a personalized message.
- Calculates the user's age in years, and months using DateTime module.
- Edge case handling for invalid inputs, non-numeric age entries, and future birth years.

## Requirements
- Python 3.x
- Basic understanding of Python syntax and functions

## How to Run
1. Clone the repository or download the script file.
2. Open a terminal or command prompt.
3. Navigate to the directory where the script is located.
4. Run the script using the command: `python greeter_and_age_math.py`
5. Follow the on-screen prompts to enter your name and age.

## Output Example
```output
Enter your name: Alice
Hello, Alice! Welcome!
Enter your birth date (dd/mm/yyyy): 04/12/2000
You are 24 years old.
You are about 288 months old.
You are about 9108 days old.
```
